Captioning made possible by
Turner entertainment group
Hear ye, hear ye!
I hereby bring to order
the official meeting
of the all-girl ballet,
flowers, and fun society.
Roll call!
Mimi?
Present.
Lili?
Dee Dee?
I'm present, too!
Lili, what is
the first order
of business?
The first order
of business
is to practice
our new dance routine!
Second order
of business?
Hmm...
I know!
Let's play with Dexter!
[Dexter whistling]
It is mine.
It is all mine!
Oh, I am so happy
in my laboratory.
Even when my superior mind
is at rest,
it fills me with glee
to have such love in my heart
for what I have created.
I love my superintelligent
high-speed quadraplex
d-3000 computer!
I love my award-winning
giant ultrasensory
electron microscope!
I love my multitude
of monitors!
I love my shrink ray!
I love my space shuttle!
I love my Sonic disruptor!
I love my atom smasher!
I love my--aah!
Evil sister!
Hi!
Dee Dee!
Mimi! Lili!
You bothersome,
irritating girls!
Can you not see
that I am very busy?
You will leave now!
My laboratory is
absolutely no place
for the likes of you.
Hi!
Bye, bye, bye!
[Girls giggling]
Aaah!
Dexter: Eww! Keep
your girlie selves away!
Bones are not amusing!
Especially those
of exceptionally annoying
females such as yourselves!
Kitty!
Oh! You have ruined
my equations!
[Yelling]
[Giggling]
[Panting]
Ooh! Ha ha ha!
Aaah!
Get away
from the animals!
I need more of me
if I am going to regain control.
Ha ha ha!
With my cloning machine,
I can duplicate
my brilliance
of any number of times!
Dexter,
you apprehend lili.
you apprehend Mimi.
And I, Dexter,
will apprehend
their leader,
Dee Dee!
Dexter:
Cease and desist!
[Giggling]
Unhand those tubes!
Dee Dee, stop your
devilish destruction!
Hi, Dexter!
You are not going
to run from me?
Ok.
No!
Do not go
into the light!
Oh, no.
[Giggling]
Oh, please, no!
Not girls!
I am doomed!
Do not give up
so fast, Dexter.
This is wonderful!
It is 9 to 9.
The odds are even!
[Clone-o-matic humming]
[Giggling]
[Dexters screaming]
This is not good.
All right, men,
we must stop the intruders
at any cost.
Some of you might not
make it back,
but that is
a risk worth taking!
You have received
your orders.
Now, make me proud!
Victory
shall be ours!
[All grunt in unison]
The exponentary
should be--
no, no, no.
It is the fractional
dissection of--
you are both
mistaken.
Men, men, stop this!
The enemy is everywhere!
Back to the battle!
All: Yay!
[Beeping]
Away, away, I tell you!
You are overloading
the machine!
Gone?
But how?
Aaaah!
Dee Dee,
get out right now!
Where are
the clones?
Send in the clones!
Dexter: Stop this!
I command you to stop!
Uh...
Hi. Um...
My name is Dexter...
Uh, and I, uh...
Do we have any
clones in the room
this evening?
All: Hi, Dexter!
Ok, ok!
Please remain calm!
I have a plan!
It...it is, uh...
[Whispering]
Slumber party.
Slumber party!
Clones: Slumber party?!
Clones: Yay!
Kids! Lunch!
Clones: Lunch?!
[Clones cheering]
Whoa! Where's the fire?
Whew! Finally...
Alone at last.
[Beeping]
Lunch!
Lunch.
I need to work on
my multiplication.
Hey, buddy,
where'd all
the girls go?
[Ruff]
Oh, heh heh heh.
Hello there.
You startled me.
[Barking]
[Panting]
Heh heh.
Uh, nice doggie.
Ah, ah, ah!
You don't need
to be following me.
[Ruff]
Aaaah!
Hey, what are you
doing in my lab?
This is a highly
scientific area.
What am I
gonna do with
a dog in a--huh?
[Giggling]
Dee Dee!
How many times
have I told you
to stay out
of my freakin'
secret laboratory?!
I'm not kidding
around. I want you
out of here!
[Barking]
Yeah, that's it.
That's right.
That's it, boy.
Go get her, boy.
Sic 'em.
[Ruff]
Oh, you want this stick?
Is that it?
You want this stick?
Can you get the stick? Ok.
Fetch the stick.
Ooh ha ha!
Look at you!
Aw, you are a good dog.
What a good
stick-fetcher you are!
Yes, you are!
I don't have to
stick around for this.
Yes, you got that stick,
didn't you?
Now, you wait
right there, pupperoo,
and I'll be right back
with a nice treat.
Dexter? Dexter, son,
are you in here?
Dad: Holy smokes!
How did this lab get here?
Dexter?
Dad: This lab is
unbelievable!
Um, yeah.
Ha ha ha!
Dad, I can explain.
Dexter, how long
have you been
keeping this lab
a secret from me?
'Cause i'm
just crazy about
labrador retrievers!
They're such
good doggies.
Yes, they are!
Oh, the dog.
Right. Whew!
Ho ho ho!
He reminds me
of old buck
back on
granddad's farm.
So, are you
gonna keep him?
Well, I don't know.
I dog is a lot of
responsibility.
I'd have to feed him
and walk him and
take care of him.
I just--i don't know
if I'm ready for that.
Well, then,
that settles it.
He's all yours, son,
you lucky stiff!
But i--
dad: Oh, gosh,
I just love labradors!
Hey, thanks.
Heh heh.
Thank you.
Ok. Thank you.
All right,
all right,
thank you.
Arrrgh!
Thank you!
Ok, enough licking.
Stop the licking.
Stop. Please stop.
Arrrrgh!
[Barking]
What?
What? What is it?
Is there trouble?
Is it danger?
You want me
to follow you?
Ok, show me.
Where is the emergency?
What is it, boy?
The capacitor?
What is wrong
with the capacitor?
Nothing's wrong
with the capacitor.
Whatis
what?
Whatever.
Oy. This dog is not
understanding what
I am telling him.
I know not what of
which he is speaking.
[Speaking
unintelligibly]
If only
he could speak
the simple English.
Hmm...
There you go,
boy.
This pill
I have created
should stimulate
your brain's
neuropathway,
enabling you
to translate
and enunciate
human speech.
Well,
does it work?
Hello, dog.
Do you
understand me?
Yes!
Yay! It works!
You can talk!
I can talk!
I can talk! Hey!
What?
The thing!
Huh?
Come on!
I got to show you
the thing!
Oh, yeah! The thing
that you were trying
to tell me.
Yeah, the thing!
Here's the thing.
Right, the capacitor.
What is wrong with it?
It's a thing!
I found a thing!
What about it?
It's here--the thing!
I found the thing,
and here it is!
Here's a thing,
right here! A thing!
Dinner time!
[Sniffing]
So, Dexter, where's
your new buddy? Ohh!
Well, hello down there.
Hey, it's the man
from before!
Ooh!
This one's a lady!
Well, he certainly
is friendly.
Ooh! Yeah, a little
too
it's the stick!
Mom: There you go,
Dee Dee.
Hey, food!
Food for me!
Eww! Get lost.
Food for me?
Now, now,
no chickie and ricie
for the puppy.
Food for me?
Food for me?!
Dexter, I think
your buddy is trying
to tell us
he's hungry.
Why don't you take him
upstairs and feed him?
I already fed him!
Now, didn't we
have a talk about
responsibility today?
We? Who's "we"?
Take your buddy
upstairs!
Yeah, but--
hey! Hey, you dogs,
I can hear you barking!
I'm a dog! Can you
hear me barking?
Hey, dogs, listen to me!
I can hear you!
Hey! Hey! Hey, you!
The moon, moon,
moo-oo-oon!
The sun's up!
Hey, the sun is up!
Get up, get up,
get up! Sun's up!
You're up!
Sun's up.
Let's go out.
The sun's up.
Want to go out?
Let's go out.
Let's play.
The sun's up!
What's that?
What's that?!
It's you, it's you,
it's you!
And you're not
my dog!
That means somebody
is looking for you,
and I can only pray
that they call soon.
[Ringing]
Hello? Yes, yes,
I found a dog.
The dog is here.
Yes, he's here.
Ok, yes. Good. Ok!
Hey, that's my dog!
I found my dog!
It's my man!
I found my man!
Both: I found you!
I found you! I found you!
I found you!
Let's go for a ride.
You want to go
for a ride?
Yeah, a ride!
Let's go for a ride!
Gaze upon one of
the greatest achievements
of modern science:
The periodic table
of elements.
This puzzle's
all mixed up.
There.
That's better.
Dee Dee!
Can you please check
if your brother's
ready for school?
What did you say, mom?!
I said, go check
if Dexter's ready
for school.
Ahh!
[Whispering]
Dexter.
Are you ready
for school?
Ohh. There doesn't
seem to be any answer.
I guess I'll have
to go inside.
[Rattles doorknob]
Ooh...
The door is locked.
At last...
My greatest work
completed!
[Kisses loudly]
Hi!
What--what--
what are you doing
in my laboratory?
I'm just here
to check up on my
favorite little brother.
Stop that!
I do not need you
to check up on me,
so please
remove yourself
from my laboratory!
Ooh! What's that?
Ohh!
Ooh!
[Giggles]
Aaaah!
Aaaaah!
[Giggles]
Aaaaaah!
You were playing
with my doll!
I can't believe
you would walk
into my room,
take my doll,
take it back
into your room,
put it on
your stinky,
slimy machines,
and then you--
[gasps]
Ooh...
What does
this button do?
Please, please!
Do not push the button!
You have no idea
of what it--
does.
Ooh! Look what
a cute little
bunny rabbit!
Let me go!
Have you any idea
of what you have done?
Hmm...no.
Well, let me show you.
What would you like to be
more than anything else
in the whole world?
[Gasps]
Ooh! I want to be
a beautiful Princess
with
long golden hair
and a big red bow.
And I want to live
in a big, big castle
and have lots
and lots of horses!
Now, do you understand
that by combining
the positive and
negative polarities
in sucrose radium...
We can excrete
the elements from any
variety of zitgaforme.
And unificate them
with the superlative
repercussions
of the magnetic ospium.
Thusly, this machine
should not be used by a--
person of lower
intelligence, such as--
[giggling]
You are not
listening to me!
Now, pay attention!
Roarrrr!
Make sure you two
brush your teeth
before you come down
for breakfast.
Mom: Kids!
Chew your food.
Now go upstairs and
get ready for school.
What are
those kids up to?
Mom: That's it.
I'm coming upstairs.
You kids stop fooling around
and come downstairs,
or you'll miss your bus.
Dee Dee's voice:
Last one down
is an icky, icky,
slimy spider!
Dexter's voice:
Why not? I've been
everything else today.
Enter at your own peril,
past the vaulted door where
impossible things may happen
that the world's
never seen before.
♪ In Dexter's laboratory
♪ lives the smartest boy
you've ever seen ♪
♪ but Dee Dee blows
his experiments ♪
♪ to smithereens
♪ there is gloom and doom
while things go boom ♪
♪ in Dexter's lab
captioning made possible by
Turner entertainment group
captioned by the national
captioning institute
--www.Ncicap.Org--